Question 1:
What is the one thing I will make happen within five years, that matters more than anything?

Question 2:
What is the one thing I will make happen within one year, that matters more than anything?

Question 3:
What is the one thing I will make happen in one month, that matters more than anything?

Question 4:
What can I do to start this day positively that matters more than the rest?

Question 5:
What one thing will I ensure gets done today that further develops my main
craft/skill/mastery, which matter more than anything else in this area?
[NOTE: Choose something that gets done in its entirety, such as reading
fifteen pages of a book, a drawing that takes 30 minutes, a 10-minute
video, 40 minutes of physical training, or 1000 words of fiction written]

Question 6:
When exactly will this get done?

Question 7:
In addition to my craft-development work, what are the three tasks
that must get done today, if any?
[List them in order of priority. It's advised that you work through them,
starting with the most difficult]

Question 8:
Who is the one person I can connect with today whose life would be improved by your doing so?

Question 9:
Who are the three people (or more) I will contact today to generate opportunities
in my life in the areas that matter most today?

Question 10:
What one thing could I do that would enrich my social life, which matters
more than anything else today?

Question 11:
What is the one thing I will do today that scares me; takes me 
out of my comfort zone, that I know will improve me and my life?

Question 12:
What big ASK will I make today?
[NOTE: Ask for something that most wouldn't dare ask. What could you 
ask, from whom, that could lead to huge opportunity in your life?]

Question 13:
Which one person to ask?

Who else could I ask?

Question 14:
What is the one thing I will do today that will benefit my health or
state of mind, that matters more than anything?

Question 15:
What will I do today to expand my extra-curricular world (even for 10 minutes)?
[For example, learn Thai for 20 minutes; read ten pages of fiction]
